,stripped,readable
0,human ai collaboration study human artificial intelligence ai agent work together accomplish share goal,Human-AI collaboration is the study of how humans and artificial intelligence (AI) agents work together to accomplish a shared goal.
1,ai system aid human everything decision make task art creation,AI systems can aid humans in everything from decision making tasks to art creation.
2,example collaboration include medical decision make aids hate speech detection music generation,"Examples of collaboration include medical decision making aids., hate speech detection, and music generation."
3,ai system able tackle complex task study explore different model explanation technique improve human ai collaboration,"As AI systems are able to tackle more complex tasks, studies are exploring how different models and explanation techniques can improve human-AI collaboration."
4,human use ai output often want understand model give certain output,"When a human uses an AI's output, they often want to understand why a model gave a certain output."
5,model like decision tree inherently explainable black box model clear explanation,"While some models, like decision trees, are inherently explainable, black box models do not have clear explanations."
6,various explainable artificial intelligence method aim describe model output post hoc explanation visualization method often provide misleading false explanation,"Various Explainable artificial intelligence methods aim to describe model outputs with post-hoc explanations or visualizations, these methods can often provide misleading and false explanations."
7,study find explanation may improve performance human ai team simply increase human reliance model output,"Studies have also found that explanations may not improve the performance of a human-AI team, but simply increase a human's reliance on the model's output."
8,human trust ai agent important factor human ai collaboration dictate whether human follow override ai input,"A human's trust in an AI agent is an important factor in human-AI collaboration, dictating whether the human should follow or override the AI's input."
9,various factor impact person trust ai system include accuracy reliability,"Various factors impact a person's trust in an AI system, including its accuracy and reliability."
10,ture test originally call imitation game alan ture test machine ability exhibit intelligent behaviour equivalent indistinguishable human,"The Turing test, originally called the imitation game by Alan Turing in 1950, is a test of a machine's ability to exhibit intelligent behaviour equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a human."
11,ture propose human evaluator would judge natural language conversation human machine design generate human like response,Turing proposed that a human evaluator would judge natural language conversations between a human and a machine designed to generate human-like responses.
12,evaluator would aware one two partner conversation machine participant would separate one another,"The evaluator would be aware that one of the two partners in conversation was a machine, and all participants would be separated from one another."
13,conversation would limit text channel computer keyboard screen result would depend machine ability render word speech,"The conversation would be limited to a text-only channel, such as a computer keyboard and screen, so the result would not depend on the machine's ability to render words as speech."
14,evaluator could reliably tell machine human machine would say pass test,"If the evaluator could not reliably tell the machine from the human, the machine would be said to have passed the test."
15,test result would depend machine ability give correct answer question closely answer resemble human would give,"The test results would not depend on the machine's ability to give correct answers to questions, only on how closely its answers resembled those a human would give."
16,test introduce ture paper computing machinery intelligence work university manchester,"The test was introduced by Turing in his 1950 paper ""Computing Machinery and Intelligence"" while working at the University of Manchester."
17,open word propose consider question machine think,"It opens with the words: ""I propose to consider the question, 'Can machines think?'"""
18,thinking difficult define ture choose replace question another closely related express relatively unambiguous word,"Because ""thinking"" is difficult to define, Turing chooses to ""replace the question by another, which is closely related to it and is expressed in relatively unambiguous words."""
19,ture describe new form problem term three person game call imitation game interrogator ask question man woman another room order determine correct sex two player,"Turing describes the new form of the problem in terms of a three-person game called the ""imitation game"", in which an interrogator asks questions of a man and a woman in another room in order to determine the correct sex of the two players."
20,ture new question imaginable digital computer would well imitation game,"Turing's new question is: ""Are there imaginable digital computers which would do well in the imitation game?"""
21,question ture believe one could actually answer,"This question, Turing believed, was one that could actually be answered."
22,remainder paper argue major objection proposition machine think,"In the remainder of the paper, he argued against all the major objections to the proposition that ""machines can think""."
23,since ture introduce test highly influential widely criticise become important concept philosophy artificial intelligence,"Since Turing introduced his test, it has been both highly influential and widely criticised, and has become an important concept in the philosophy of artificial intelligence."
24,criticism john searle chinese room controversial,"Some of its criticisms, such as John Searle's Chinese room, are themselves controversial."
25,artificial intelligence expert system computer system emulate decision make ability human expert,"In artificial intelligence, an expert system is a computer system emulating the decision-making ability of a human expert."
26,expert system design solve complex problem reason body knowledge represent mainly rule rather conventional procedural code,"Expert systems are designed to solve complex problems by reasoning through bodies of knowledge, represented mainly as if then rules rather than through conventional procedural code."
27,first expert system create proliferate,The first expert systems were created in the 1970s and then proliferated in the 1980s.
28,expert system among first truly successful form artificial intelligence ai software,Expert systems were among the first truly successful forms of artificial intelligence (AI) software.
29,expert system divide two subsystem inference engine knowledge base,An expert system is divided into two subsystems: the inference engine and the knowledge base.
30,knowledge base represent fact rule,The knowledge base represents facts and rules.
31,inference engine apply rule know fact deduce new fact,The inference engine applies the rules to the known facts to deduce new facts.
32,inference engine include explanation debug ability,Inference engines can also include explanation and debugging abilities.
33,one first example expert system mycin application perform medical diagnosis,"One of the first examples of an expert system was MYCIN, an application to perform medical diagnosis."
34,mycin example domain expert medical doctor knowledge represent expertise diagnosis,"In the MYCIN example, the domain experts were medical doctors and the knowledge represented was their expertise in diagnosis."
35,expert system first develop artificial intelligence laboratory attempt understand complex human decision make,Expert systems were first developed in artificial intelligence laboratories as an attempt to understand complex human decision making.
36,base positive result initial prototype technology adopt us business community later worldwide,"Based on positive results from these initial prototypes, the technology was adopted by the US business community (and later worldwide) in the 1980s."
37,stanford heuristic programming project lead edward feigenbaum one leader define develop first expert system,The Stanford heuristic programming projects led by Edward Feigenbaum was one of the leaders in defining and developing the first expert systems.
38,early day expert system little formal process creation software,In the earliest days of expert systems there was little or no formal process for the creation of the software.
39,researcher sit domain expert start program often develop require tool,"Researchers just sat down with domain experts and started programming, often developing the required tools (e.g."
40,inference engine time application,inference engines) at the same time as the applications themselves.
41,expert system move academic prototype deploy business system realize methodology require bring predictability control process build software,As expert systems moved from academic prototypes to deployed business systems it was realized that a methodology was required to bring predictability and control to the process of building the software.
42,essentially two approach attempt use conventional software development methodology develop special methodology tune requirement build expert system,"There were essentially two approaches that were attempted: Use conventional software development methodologies, and develop special methodologies tuned to the requirements of building expert systems."
43,many early expert system develop large consulting system integration firm andersen consulting,Many of the early expert systems were developed by large consulting and system integration firms such as Andersen Consulting.
44,firm already well test conventional waterfall methodology,These firms already had well tested conventional waterfall methodologies (e.g.
45,method andersen train staff virtually always use develop software client,Method1 for Andersen) that they trained all their staff in and that were virtually always used to develop software for their clients.
46,one trend early expert system development simply apply waterfall method expert system development,One trend in early expert systems development was to simply apply these waterfall methods to expert systems development.
47,another issue use conventional method develop expert system due unprecedented nature expert system one first application adopt rapid application development method feature iteration prototype well instead detailed analysis design,Another issue with using conventional methods to develop expert systems was that due to the unprecedented nature of expert systems they were one of the first applications to adopt rapid application development methods that feature iteration and prototyping as well as or instead of detailed analysis and design.
48,conventional software method support type approach,In the 1980s few conventional software methods supported this type of approach.
49,final issue use conventional method develop expert system need knowledge acquisition,The final issue with using conventional methods to develop expert systems was the need for knowledge acquisition.
50,knowledge acquisition refer process gather expert knowledge capture form rule ontology,Knowledge acquisition refers to the process of gathering expert knowledge and capturing it in the form of rules and ontologies.
51,knowledge acquisition special requirement beyond conventional specification process use capture business requirement,Knowledge acquisition has special requirements beyond the conventional specification process used to capture most business requirements.
52,issue lead second approach knowledge engineering development custom methodology specifically design build expert system,These issues led to the second approach to knowledge engineering: development of custom methodologies specifically designed to build expert systems.
53,one first popular methodology custom design expert system knowledge acquisition documentation structure kad methodology develop europe,One of the first and most popular of such methodologies custom designed for expert systems was the Knowledge Acquisition and Documentation Structuring (KADS) methodology developed in Europe.
54,kad great success europe use united states,KADS had great success in Europe and was also used in the United States.
